# helloeveryone
Heres the explanation about why i decided to code or working in something related with code , instead art.



Drawing , doodles all the time , even when i was distracted from everything , i found out , drawing doodles could be a sense in my braing to make the unconscious visible in some way. Years go by , and situations occur in many matters and you still stuck in the bubble to not make true or valuable work in something for a living, but the idea is still intact and you still and you need to drain the brain to drawing. However society is nowdays too much por this earth and drawing has become the tool for everyone, making me another john doe of the art. In fact i like to be a john doe . I don't persue fame . I all wanted from drawing is express to the world ideas in common and if somebody from another land reach me to say to me : i feel like you , is enough for me.
Social media for me is a nightmare , someone could say , if you want to be an artist go a head post your things on social media and become one , just be persistent. Well , i can't be that persistent . I cant follow the rythm , posting everyday any idea and then be scrolling for somebody else as if my ideas just worth less than a second to watch them. like it vanished to be ignored. So coding is becomed my source of creativity . Illustration has become my passion, my sacred passion where i can show it to the world without the pressure of social media. and Coding has become my hope to work in something for a living with a little of creativity on a dark background and letters structured in certain way to create something visible or interpreted in another background . Two ways to see creativity . 
